- Texture atlases should be autogenerated; you shouldn't have to specify what directories go into what atlas, and then be shit out of luck when there are too many images to pack into one atlas
- The dialogue editor is still extremely slow, because it's just implemented naively with the ImGui DrawList API
- Not using real enums everywhere in Lua:
  - DialogueController.state
  - Controller vs MKB mode in input
- There are still functions in api.cpp that use the Lua C API to bind
- A few places need inversion of control (i.e. Lua reads from a config and calls into a C API to load one item from the config, rather than C reading the config via the Lua API)
  - Backgrounds (i.e. textures larger than 2K)
  - Shaders
  - Screenshots, kind of
- SteamInput doesn't work so great. First of all, you have to duplicate the VDF file into a Lua config. Also, if Steam isn't running, it doesn't correctly fall back to mouse and keyboard. There must be a better way!
- On a similar note, I'd love to just switch to SDL for windowing and inputs. GLFW is good, but Steam plays extremely nice with SDL. My thin input system on top of GLFW seems obviously wrong, and SDL would just fix a lot of that.
- There aren't any hooks on the C side yet, because I haven't needed them.
- Several things are not namespaced on the C side. For core engine functions (e.g. draw_quad()), that's intentional. I don't want to have to write a wrapper to export to Lua just because of name mangling; I'd rather pollute the global namespace. Maybe it'd be better to have one prefix for all the engine functions (ala SDL_*), but raylib does it this way, so I'm probably good.
- There's no tests. I just use the program and fix it when it breaks. This is bad, but it's not a platform, and I don't care.
- Still a fair amount of bullshit Lua code floating around (using fake classes, globally namespaced stuff)
- The build scripts are still specific to Deep Copy, and I know for a fact that packaged builds are broken right now.
- I think fonts should be scaled twice; you specify a "font size" in the config (like 32), but then we scale this by the native resolution somehow so that a size 32 font is the same relative size on different native resolutions.